Add docs on transparent huge pages (THP) setting (#19343)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v25.1/recommended-production-settings.md

We recommend running a [glibc](https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/)-based Linux distribution and Linux kernel version from the last 5 years, such as [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/), [Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)](https://www.redhat.com/technologies/linux-platforms/enterprise-linux), [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/), or [Container-Optimized OS](https://cloud.google.com/container-optimized-os/docs).

> We have observed increased memory usage in rare cases due to transparent huge pages (THP) being enabled (i.e., set to `always`). New deployments should configure [transparent huge pages (THP)](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/admin-guide/mm/transhuge.html) with the `madvise` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have observed increased memory usage in rare cases due to [transparent huge pages (THP)](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/admin-guide/mm/transhuge.html) being enabled (i.e., set to `always`). New deployments should configure THP with the `madvise` option.
```

Author: ✅

Existing deployments that have THP enabled using the `always` option should change it to `madvise` unless they are currently running with a comfortable memory usage margin.

> The method for permanently changing the THP setting across reboots depends on the operating system. For Red Hat Enterprise Linux, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/46111.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method for permanently changing the THP setting across reboots depends on the operating system. For Red Hat Enterprise Linux, refer to the [Red Hat documentation](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/46111).
```

Author: ✅

We recommend running a [glibc](https://www.gnu.org/software/libc/)-based Linux distribution and Linux kernel version from the last 5 years, such as [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/), [Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL)](https://www.redhat.com/technologies/linux-platforms/enterprise-linux), [CentOS](https://www.centos.org/), or [Container-Optimized OS](https://cloud.google.com/container-optimized-os/docs).

> New deployments should configure [transparent huge pages (THP)](https://www.kernel.org/doc/html/latest/admin-guide/mm/transhuge.html) with the `madvise` option:

Reviewer 2: Maybe give a bit of the reasoning: "We have observed (in rare cases) increased memory usage due to transparent huge pages (THP) being enabled (set to `always`). New deployments should ..."

Author: added, PTAL!

{% include_cached copy-clipboard.html %}
~~~ shell

> echo madvise > /sys/kernel/mm/transparent_hugepage/enabled

Reviewer 2: These instructions don't survive restart, and I don't think they apply to existing processes. We used the instructions in this post for RedHat: https://access.redhat.com/solutions/46111

Maybe just say more general - permanently chaning the THP setting depends on the operating system. For Red Hat Enterprise Linux, see https://access.redhat.com/solutions/46111

~~~

> Existing deployments that have THP enabled using the `always` option don't need to be changed; the differences between the settings are minor.

Reviewer 2: I would change this to say:

Existing deployments that have THP enabled using the `always` option should change it unless they are currently running with a comfortable memory usage margin.

Author: Updated!
